Active list of Projects Hosted by intersect:

Cardano Base: 
Code used throughout the Cardano eco-system.

Cardano Crypto: 
This repository provides cryptographic libraries that are used in the Byron era of the Cardano node.

Cardano DB Sync: 
A component that follows the Cardano chain and stores blocks and transactions in PostgreSQL.

Cardano Ledger: 
The ledger implementation and specifications of the Cardano blockchain.

Cardano Node: 
The core component that is used to participate in a Cardano decentralised blockchain.

Cardano Node Test:
System and end-to-end (E2E) tests for cardano-node.

Cardano Prelude:
A protolude-based custom prelude for the Cardano project.

Cardano Updates:
Regular updates from the Cardano developer team.

Cardano World:
Cardano world provides preprod and preview cardano networks, configuration documentation and miscellaneous automation.

Formal Ledger:
Formal specifications of the cardano ledger.

LibSodium:
IOG’s Forked version of Libsodium utilized: A modern, portable, easy to use crypto library.

Ouroboros Network:
An implementation of the Ouroboros family of consensus algorithms, with its networking support

Ouroboros Consensus:
Implementation of a Consensus Layer for the Ouroboros family of protocols

Win32 Network:
Networking library for Windows.

Essential Cardano:
Repository for the Essential Cardano list.

Cardano Haskell Package:
Metadata for Cardano's Haskell package repository.

Plutus:
The Plutus language implementation and tools.

Plutus Apps:
The Plutus application platform.

Cardano CLI:
This repository contains sources for the command-line interface (CLI) tool for interacting with the Cardano blockchain.

Cardano API:
Cardano's API and related fucntions.

Cardano Addresses:
Addresses and mnemonic manipulation & derivations

Cardano Coin Selection:
A library of algorithms for coin selection and fee balancing.

Cardano Launcher:
Shelley cardano-node and cardano-wallet launcher for NodeJS applications

Bech 32:
Haskell implementation of the Bech32 address format (BIP 0173).

Cardano Transactions:
Library utilities for constructing and signing Cardano transactions.

Cardano test plans:
User Journey Stories for Chang HF Markdown
